My advice to everybody, there guys,
whoever is planning summer vacations,
you have to buy your tickets today.
Please do not wait until May because the
prices are already much, much higher.
So, the jet fuel prices have doubled
since the start of the war.
>> Hi Miriam.
>> Hi Tellus.
>> Well, we had a Federal Reserve meeting
this past week and the result was, as
expected, nothing.
Federal Reserve did nothing. It stayed
on hold. It did not cut rates. Following
the meeting was sort of the news and
that was that the market's expectations
of cuts this year ratcheted back even
further.
>> Now, there are no expectations for cuts
this year, basically.
>> But get this, uh, the CME's FedWatch
tool, which uses futures pricing, is now
actually, uh, for for the near future,
uh, putting a slightly higher likelihood
on a hike rather than a cut.
>> Wow.
>> I mean, it's low. It's like 6% chance of
a hike and 3% of a cut or something.
>> based on what people were thinking at
the beginning of this year.
>> would have been unthinkable, uh, in the
market size a couple of months ago.
>> Especially with, uh, the presumed Fed
chair coming in, Kevin Warsh, who is
expected by President Trump to cut
rates. So, that will be an interesting
dynamic to see. But one word that reared
its ugly head at the, uh, meeting this
past week was stagflation. People may
remember that that word means this kind
of toxic combination of high inflation
and low growth.
>> And let's hear what Jerome Powell had to
say about it at the Fed press
conference.
>> When we use the term stagflation, I
always have to point out that that that
was a 1970s term at a time when
unemployment was in double figures and
inflation was really high and the misery
index was super high. Add them together,
you get the misery index, and that's not
the case right now. We actually have
unemployment really close to longer-run
normal
and we have inflation that's, you know,
one percentage point above that. So,
calling that stagflation, it's not, you
know, I I would reserve the term
stagflation for
you know, a much more serious set of
circumstances. That is not the situation
we're in.
>> Yes, if you listen carefully in there,
uh Chair Powell refers to the misery
index, which as as he says is adding
together the unemployment rate and the
inflation rate. During the terrible
times of the 1970s, 1980s, that got as
high as 20% plus, you know, 10%
unemployment and 10%
>> So, definitely a matter of be worse than
what we're experiencing right now.
>> Right now, we're in the sort of 6 to 7%
range, right? We have an unemployment
rate in the fours, we have inflation in
the twos. Neither are necessarily where
we want them to be, but uh we're not in
that territory yet. But that is the fear
that is put on the table when we have an
oil supply shock and other fast-rising
energy prices that those things would
not only drive inflation, but also slow
down growth. Um however, Powell did say
some pretty interesting things about how
they're thinking about the oil shock. Uh
number one, he said that it's not really
what they're they're obviously looking
at it, but it's not necessarily the
reason that they are not uh
cutting rates right now. They're sort of
taking a wait-and-see attitude towards
it. Um
and he
talked about the impact of
oil prices not themselves on what prices
are going to be, but on consumers'
expectations of inflation. And he made
note of the fact that that's really
where the Fed is focused is on whether
or not people's inflation expectations
remain anchored or unanchored, meaning
they think that prices are going to keep
rising far into the future, and that's
that's the the bad thing that the Fed
really wants to uh avoid. And so, that's
why I think that a critical piece of
data this upcoming week will be the
Michigan consumer uh survey. Uh and
that's because part of that is an
inflation expectations index.
>> Mhm.
>> That had been falling for a while, but
then stalled in the most recent reading.
And all of that really doesn't take into
account what's going on now
with prices. I mean, it some of it
reflected a little bit of the of the
start of the rise of gas prices, but if
that number really starts to go up,
>> Yeah, you mentioned gas prices. I mean,
that is the reason right there why
people might be starting to say, "Wow,
prices are going up." Because if I every
time I go to fill up my car, I see these
prices have ticked up a little bit more,
it's immediately going to be hitting my
wallet and be making me think, "Oh,
inflation is worse."
>> And so, it speaks to the to the
psychology problem that the Fed has to
think about. I mean, gas prices, right?
A giant sign that hangs everywhere you
drive that tells you whether prices are
rising or falling. And so,
we know how sensitive Americans are to
that.
>> But one thing Trump did last week to try
to put downward pressure on oil prices
was to waive the Jones Act. This act
basically requires the ships that
transport goods between US ports to be
American-built, flagged, and crewed. So,
that means all American-made, basically,
and staffed. And waiving that act means
basically that foreign ships will be
allowed to transport cargoes of products
like jet fuel and fertilizer, which we
talked about on our last episode as
having been a little bit backed up by
what's happening in the Strait of
Hormuz.
>> It's a pretty extraordinary measure,
isn't it? I mean, the Jones Act is
pretty
>> that it's been repealed. It has happened
before. It has happened before.
Um, but the question is how much will it
make a difference? Um, like, maybe it
will make a difference at the margins,
but we're talking about 20% of global
oil that's not making its way, you know,
around the world. And um, that this
might just be a drop in the bucket, no
pun intended.
>> Well, we So, I same thing before with
the We talked about this on on previous
shows, the release of of reserves from
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in the
US and then kind of global actions like
that. Those also had temporary effects
at best on on global oil prices. And as
we're talking now, Brent is back, you
know, has has traded above 110 once
again. So, it doesn't seem like that was
the magic
pill to to fix this problem.
>> No, it doesn't. Speaking of energy,
there is a big conference coming up this
week
called CERAWeek. It is the one of the
biggest conferences of the year for the
energy industry and there will be
leaders from across the industry there.
Some expected guests are US Energy
Secretary Chris Wright.
>> People will be watching very closely for
what he's got to say.
>> has to say. And then Amin Nasser, who is
the CEO of Aramco, will also be there.
That's of course Saudi Arabia's big oil
producing company.
>> So, I think listeners should be looking
for the conversation at CERAWeek to be
around energy and the world's energy
needs. Here's one stat I think that that
will come up a lot. S&P Global Energy
estimates that data center power demand
worldwide could grow 12 to 16% annually
over 2025 to 2030.
That's obviously an enormous need and
that power's got to come from somewhere.
>> Okay listeners, we're coming to you with
a question for the week. Gold versus
oil. These are two commodities that
we've talked about a lot on this show,
both of which are surging right now for
different reasons. And we're wondering
which one are you turning to right now
as a hedge against inflation? Which one
do you prefer? If you could write to us
and let us know your thoughts, you might
be able to win a
piece of WSJ swag such as this mug for
those of you who are watching on
video here. You can write to us at
takeontheweek@wsj.com
for a chance to be featured and win some
merch, a mug, a pen,
a notepad.
Um this offer is open to US residents 18
and older and our editorial team will
select the featured entries and we may
read your entry on the air.
>> Well, if if we have some listeners who
are betting on the price of oil, uh
I think some guidance is in order uh
from some people who've been looking at
that market for a long time.
>> If you're an oil newbie, you might want
to be listening to the rest of this
podcast.
>> Returning to our oil in Reddit uh for
the first time, I don't I don't even
know if that's a thing. Um but you need
some guidance. How high could the price
of oil possibly go? Or alternatively,
could it get back to what it was before
all of this? For help on that question,
we turned to Natasha Kaniva. She is the
head of global commodities research at
JP Morgan Chase and she actually had
some pretty interesting things to say
about where the price of oil could go
and where it's very unlikely to go. I
think what she says is actually pretty
surprising. We'll have her on after the
break.
>> Hi Natasha, thank you for joining us.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> So Natasha, the Strait of Hormuz,
through which 1/5 of global oil passes,
is effectively closed right now, but the
US has pledged to defend it. You were
quoted in a WSJ story that really caught
our attention and I want to read your
quote. You said, "In the whole written
history of the Strait, it has never been
closed, ever. To me, it was not just the
worst-case scenario, it was an
unthinkable scenario."
That really struck us, um which is why
we wanted to have you on this podcast
here to talk about this.
So today, oil is sitting at over $100 as
of this recording.
How high could it go?
>> The situation that we're describing
today is that this is unthinkable. So
20% of the global supply, there is
absolutely nothing that can replenish
those type of production losses. The
only way to balance the market it's
through a similar uh destruction on the
demand side. So, which means 20% of the
demand global demand has to disappear to
be able to balance the market. So, the
administration is going down the list,
yes, their to-do list, you know,
similarly what we did in 2022, you have
a shock to the supply. You say, "Okay,
what is the first thing I can do?" The
first thing you will start releasing the
inventories and that's the IEA combined
with the yes, with the IEA in the United
States of release of about 400 million
barrels of uh inventory strategic
inventories, but if you put this in a
perspective and for you just to
understand the numbers for the
background, so if 20 million barrels per
day of supply goes through the Strait of
Hormuz, there are two pipelines, so they
they can reroute some of that, but 16
million barrels per day of supply cannot
be rerouted. So, if you are countries
that are operating within the Gulf, yes,
it's the Iraq, Kuwait, uh Qatar, UAE,
Saudi Arabia, so, what you do first?
Yes, if you cannot export your
production, you say, "Okay, first of
all, we don't know how long it will
last. Maybe it's a day, maybe it's two.
Let me start stockpiling this in our,
you know, in our uh tankers." And that's
exactly what they did. But, because
those are major exporters, they don't
have that much storage capacity.
>> Because they're used to
>> Exactly, cuz they keep the they keep the
oil moving, exactly. So, that's why on
March 1st when we issued the report,
what we said is realistically the market
has 4 days before Iraq runs out of
storage capacity and then they would
have to cut production have no other
option. Why is that the the case?
Because oil is a chemical, it's acid,
it's a very very strong chemical, it's
not like milk when you can pour it in
the ground. You have to shut capacity
and that's what they did. 3 days later
Kuwait shut capacity.
To answer your question, what is the
implication of that? The numbers for
2026 show that every 1 million barrel
per day equals $4. So, 1 million barrel
per day, $4. If we're losing 16, you
multiply 16 by 4, gives you 64.
We started with the fair value, meaning
that just based on supply and demand
fundamentals in February of this year
before the start of the war, Brent was
worth fair value, Brent was 61. 61 + 64
gives you 125.
If all 16 million barrels per day of
capacity will be or of production will
be lost. So, what is the market pricing
in today? Because the the question I'm
receiving most from the clients is,
"Okay, why we're at 100? You're telling
me 125, why are we trading at 100?"
Let's do the exactly the same
calculation. As fair value 61, today
we're trading at 101, makes the math
very, very easy. 101 - 61, it gives you
40. 40 / 4, 10. The market right now is
pricing in that only 10 million barrels
per day of production will be lost
instead of 16. Meaning, the market tells
you is like, "Listen, this is something
that is temporary." And if you look at
the forward curve, the forward curve is
only, you know, it's very, very steep.
The backwardation, the difference
between the very, very front of the
curve and the 2 months out is about $9,
which is the biggest since, you know,
June 2022. But, 2 months from now, the
price is already $80. So, the market
tells you is that yes, there will be 10
million barrels per day of disruption,
it will be very short, and then 2 months
is business as usual, and we'll see $80
oil price. That's what the market is
pricing in at the moment.
>> Okay. So, you think it it could really
unless there's another dramatic change
of conditions. You think that 125 is
kind of the sort of theoretical sort of
upper bound with with the disruptions
happening now. Correct.
>> Minus that adjustment.
>> Correct.
>> Okay.
>> But, another thing
>> so so like 200.
>> talking about record oil price.
>> People kind of throw big numbers like
that out, but you're saying that's
pretty unrealistic.
>> So, it's pretty unrealistic because to
us, the red line is actually 90. So,
every time when we cross 90, we're
noticing the demand softens very very
rapidly especially in the places like
Asia Southeast Asia India is very
sensitive to the price as well in
general the emerging markets if you take
a look at the emerging markets they're
actually on net net importers of oil. A
lot of them are exporters but on net
they are net importers and higher oil
prices are really really damaging for
them and so 90 actually is the red line.
Even within the Asia Japan has a lot of
inventories they can last
but you know countries like Bangladesh
Vietnam Taiwan Malaysia Indonesia those
are the countries that have no
inventories and so those are
the countries that will feel the most
pain and we already see
announcements for example you know one
of the Asian countries they started
shutting down schools because they don't
have diesel yes so you know talks about
you know a petrochemical plants shutting
down in Japan and in Taiwan because
Middle East is a huge exporter of
naphtha and LPG which is the feedstock
for petrochemicals so they're running
out of that. A lot of that what we're
seeing at the moment it's precautionary
they're making statements that this is
going to happen if the street does not
get reopened immediately
so Europe can still last and Europe has
a lot of inventories but my advice to
everybody there guys whoever is planning
summer vacations you have to buy your
tickets today please do not wait until
May because the prices are already much
much higher so the jet fuel prices have
doubled since the start of the war
>> And so you use this term demand
destruction which which for for those
who don't know it basically means people
will use less oil. You mentioned you
know closing schools in certain
countries but how much demand
destruction is really realistic? I mean
you know the the things
>> There's a point at which we need the
driving people need to do like there's
there's a limit to that right? and you
know lucky us that we have example 2020
2020 as COVID
so 60% of oil demand is moving people
and things around And that's exactly
what stopped during COVID, yes?
All the movements around of people and
things stopped, yes? So, at that time,
what that means is that 7 million
barrels per day of demand just
disappeared overnight. And OPEC had to
match that and cut 7 million barrels per
day of supply. So, this is doable, yes?
So, instead of flying to Europe for
vacations or to Caribbean for spring
break, you stay at home because it's
prohibitively expensive.
That's a demand destruction for you
right there, yes? Instead of producing
petrochemicals, you pretty much say,
"Listen, I'm sorry, I have to shut down
my my factory." So, that's another one.
>> And so, that's where the the sort of
stagflation fears kind of come from,
right? Is that you have both high
prices, but also a slowing economy.
>> Correct.
>> So, that's why the movie or the rush, I
would have to say, to to reopen the
Strait of Hormuz because realistically,
and that's why I applied such a low
probability of this scenario happening
in 2026 is just because
there's no other solution. The numbers
are so big that you have The only
solution is reopen the strait.
>> Given that this line has been crossed,
will there always be a fear in the back
of the market's mind that it could be
crossed again, and will that permanently
raise the price of oil?
>> Yes, so there's, you know, anticipation,
okay, so fair value is fair value, yes?
But if you believe that there is a
particular risk in this regions that you
have to say, "Okay, fair value 61, but
maybe we should be applying $5 premium
risk premium or hedging." 10, like how
do we think about that? But in general,
what we're observing, especially over
the weekend in the news, is that it does
appear that the passage through the
Strait of Hormuz might become
conditional.
Yes, so what Iran said is like, "Listen,
you know, there countries that we
perceive as friendly, there countries
that we perceive as neutral, there
countries that we perceive as you know,
as more adversary to us. So, because of
that, you know, we might consider, you
know, who is going to be allowed to pass
through the strait. And so, and you hear
about, you know, India and China
negotiating with Iran and say, "Okay,
why don't you let us through?" But in
general, if you look at the numbers,
India and China, that's 50% of the
volumes through the Strait of Hormuz.
And then you have some of the Asian
countries like Japan is right there on
the list, South Korea. Those are the
countries that they don't have
access to to their own oil. Yes, so they
have to import that. So, you know, are
they considered as neutral? Exactly, how
are they going to be considered? Uh is
Iran going to actually start uh taxing
those volumes? So, I think the market
has a lot of questions to
to answer and to see exactly how we're
going to be thinking about that. But
yes, you can make an argument that there
should be permanent premium.
>> Mhm.
So, the end of last year you were
writing uh you know, JP Morgan's writing
in its outlook that
the price of oil was probably going to
come down this year. You were talking
about, you know, prices could be in the
$40 range. And a lot of what you cited
was
that although demand was continuing to
increase, there was so much supply
coming on.
So,
does this conflict kind of fundamentally
rearrange that in any way? Or do you
think that we still live in a world
where all the fears about peak oil have
sort of been
dispelled and there's still a lot more
oil and other fossil fuels coming. And
so, we're still on that fundamental
trajectory
notwithstanding the war? Or has this
really like
changed that?
>> Changed it. Yes, so um the conclusion
was made in 2023, in early 2023, that we
looked at the numbers
and we concluded that the very high oil
prices in 2021 and in 2022. Do you
remember, it oil averaged $100 in 2022
was the Russia-Ukraine war. And so, they
did exactly what they're supposed to do
in commodities markets. They
incentivized a lot of supply,
uh especially supply from the deepwater
producers like Brazil, Argentina. Why is
it important? Because it's extremely
cheap. And then you had the United
States producing just because, you know,
very high oil prices in '21 and '22. And
we said, "Listen, there's a lot of
supply coming. All the supply will be
hitting the second half of 2025 the
market. By the end of 2025 we'll see a
$60 handle." That was written in June
2023.
>> range.
>> Correct. Yes. So 2023 we already
concluded that. That's exactly what
happened. So for 2026 we said, "Listen,
all the surplus is still carrying into
2026 because in commodities markets if
you end the year with a surplus, you
build up inventories. Those inventories
don't start from zero in 2026. You're
carrying all of that stockpile into
2026. On top of that you're building."
So yes, now our numbers were showing is
it like, "Listen, this is oversupply
market." Fair value we're talking about,
you know, $60, $60. So it's the best of
all the worlds because I was giving my
economists a low oil price not because
demand is bad, but because there's so
much supply. So it's it's extremely
bullish call for the global economy,
especially emerging markets.
So where we sit today? First of all, now
that we're cutting so much supply, this
is draining down inventories. So the
surplus that I started the year with now
slowly this is going to be drained.
>> does it take to bring that supply back
on? It's a great question.
>> Quick. So the moment
>> Okay.
>> Yes, quick. So in the case of the Gulf
it's very quick.
>> They could turn it on tomorrow.
>> Immediately. Correct. It takes about 2
weeks after that you get back to
production. So it depends on the
country. In the case of Russia it takes
a while. It can take up to 2 years. In
the case of United States anywhere
between 3 months to a year. But in the
case of the Gulf countries or it it will
take very very quickly. They can restart
production and then just ramping up a
little bit. So hence everything, to your
point, is the question is not when the
war ends. The question is when the
strait will reopen because you're
constrained by how much you can store.
Everything has to be exported. So does
it change the mind of the investor? Yes,
it does. Especially if the strait never
opens fully.
Because if it reopens at 50% by
definition, that means that the
countries within this area cannot
produce at 100%.
>> So, this upcoming week is a big
conference in Houston, Sarah Week, and
the it'll gather like oil executives and
and but also people from other
industries, you know, power, energy,
um
renewables. And the big topic last year
at this conference was the the enormous
demands of AI and data centers for
energy and power. And the fossil fuel
industry felt like because all this
supply was going to coming on, that they
were going to be a big part of that
conversation. Do you think that what's
happening now will change the discussion
about where our future energy needs will
come from? Do you think that there will
be
a sense that well, maybe fossil fuels,
even if there's a lot of them that we're
drilling, you know, the the political
reality is that, you know, unlike the
wind or the sun, they can be stopped. Do
you think this will change that
conversation at all?
>> So, to me, the best example, actually,
thinking about that strategically is
China. So, China the first
export restrictions on semiconductors in
um made China extremely nervous. And
after that, if you take a look at the
14th 5-Year Plan and the 15th 5-Year
Plan was just announced, everything is
about self-sufficiency, self-reliance.
Uh
and they, you know, retrenched. And what
they're saying, they're saying like,
"Listen, you know, we want to be
completely self-sufficient in a lot of
things, and energy is number one. And
because of that, we want to be
self-sufficient or energy independent."
So, in the case of China, it's
interesting because God didn't give
China much, yes? So, China has a lot of
coal, so that's why my view is China
will never ever give up coal, because
that's the only things that they have in
the ground.
So, but at the same time, what China is
excellent about that, that they are not
agnostic to particular technology. They
don't say, "I like wind, and so I don't
like anything else."
>> Mhm. So, they're saying, anything that I
can do, I will do. Coal will be there.
So, you see
installing massive amount of solar
capacity, massive amount of wind
capacity. At the same time, the 15th
5-year plan is very, very nuclear heavy.
So, they're moving in that technology as
well. But in general, their approach is
like listen, a lot of things I can
control to some extent. Yes, the
sunshine, the wind blows, the rain
rains. As long as I can capture that,
electrify everything else, it's fine
with me. Does it mean that their oil
demand will decline? No, it doesn't. So,
it means that their oil demand will be
flat. So, it they will, you know, pretty
much make sure that it doesn't grow, but
it will stay flat. And after that, what
they do is that they make sure that not
one single country accounts for more
than 20% of their import basket. So,
they're saying is that even if something
happens with, you know, for example,
Russia or, you know, the Gulf countries,
they say that I can diversify because
everybody is just 20% or less of my
import basket.
>> And and to be clear, this conflict has
also impacted, you mentioned obviously
oil is not necessarily a big part of
power, gas is. But gas is very affected
by this, right? I think that the journal
said recently, I'm not sure where it
stands now, that that there were, you
know, 20 LNG carriers, you know, trapped
in the Persian Gulf region. So,
what is the upshot of the disruption to
gas?
>> Yes.
>> Shipping.
>> Yeah.
>> For power needs.
>> Right. So, gas is a very different
market than oil. Yes, so oil, 20% of the
global supply is disrupted. In the case
of the gas, actually majority of the gas
demand takes place at where the gas is
produced.
>> Okay.
>> So, it's very regional market. So, the
numbers look very big. So, usually, and
you guys as well report that 20% of the
global LNG market right now, production
is gone, yes, because of Qatar. But
global LNG market is only 18% of the
global gas market. Because majority of
the gas is still produced by and moved
by pipeline, and that's where the demand
is happening. It's not exported. So,
from that perspective, the impact on the
gas market is actually 20% multiplied by
18%. In the case of oil, it's 20%. So,
the numbers are significantly smaller,
and you see this in the price. Yeah, so
in the case of the Henry Hub price, we
increased a little bit, but not much at
all.
>> That's that's that's a gas price.
>> isn't driving up our power prices at
home here in New York.
>> We're doing it on our own. We don't need
any help from
from Iran to do
>> That's That's really good to know. I
think that makes a lot more sense to me.
>> But pay attention to the gasoline
prices.
>> Yes, I don't have a car, thankfully.
>> Are there any other
distillates, like other oil products
that are particularly disrupted by this
conflict? You mentioned naphtha. Um
maybe you could share with us like
exactly what
you know, kind of
where that's most useful. And are there
other things like that that we should
really be paying attention to? I know
fertilizer is obviously
um
been caught up in this um
you know, other industrial commodities.
What other things should we be worried
about?
>> Right, right. So, um what I always
remind my clients and the market is we
do not consume crude oil. We consume
gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and all
other stuff, heating fuel oil. We don't
consume crude. So, when we pay attention
to crude,
I understand why because it's you know,
we see the Brent price at $100 and we
panic, but realistically we don't
consume crude. We consume all other
products.
>> We're going to take a quick break, and
when we come back, we've got a couple
more questions for Natasha about
commodities that people might be trading
on their own.
So, Natasha, we know a lot of amateurs
have been getting into trading gold
recently. Uh that's something that we've
been seeing a lot of, and we've talked a
lot about on this podcast. But now we're
also seeing crypto traders jumping into
perpetual oil futures. Our colleague had
an article about that.
>> Well, and just anecdotally, people are
starting to talk to me about, "Oh, I
traded some oil." And I don't know, that
seems
pretty dicey for somebody to just try.
You've been around these markets for a
long time.
>> Should amateurs be buying commodities?
Uh so well, you you should add silver to
the list. Yes, and we saw what happened.
Yes, in December and then January in the
silver futures as well. So, yes, we
definitely see more and more interest of
um you know, the so-called tourists,
yes, coming into the market. Um so, a
lot of people in my gym, for example, uh
trading oil as well. So,
>> People walk up to you at the treadmill
asking for advice?
>> all day I and you know exactly who you
are, guys. And
uh so, yes, so it's
definitely there's a lot of interest,
especially when you see this vol- you
know, the volatility in the markets, you
know, when
gold was, you know, start trading the
first time broke to five from five, you
know, 5,000, from 4,000, there was a
very big spike in the price. We saw a
lot of interest, you know, silver
clearly, you know, when we had this move
from $80 to $120.
And now the volatility in the oil prices
is getting is gaining a lot of interest
as well.
>> Can this impact the the price of oil on
the market? I know that, you know, the
Journal had a story that oil executives
went to the White House and they were
saying that like they were worried that
speculators would sort of drive up, you
know, oil futures and and sort of you
know, disrupt the market in that way.
Could all of this retail trading start
to factor into to to to the price of
oil?
>> So, um silver, yes, because it's
substantially smaller market. Gold,
hard. Oil is the biggest market and so,
it's no, my argument would be it's
actually very hard, you know, from those
small retail investors to have
implications for the market.
>> So, it won't be making a dent, yeah.
>> big, yes.
>> Okay, that's interesting. That's
somewhat comforting, actually.
>> Silver, however, yes, you should be
careful with yes.
>> All right, and before we let you go, we
have to ask, what is your forecast or
call for the future of the price of
gold? We've obviously seen it run up to
incredible levels, $5,000,
more unthinkable things. Where do you
think it'll go from here?
>> Right, So, the gold call actually the
bullish gold call was made in 2022
November 2022. That's when we put the
buy gold recommendation. It was trading
at $1,700 then. And so, our view was
that
we're very bullish and you should hold
it for 4 years. So,
um the moment we actually think that
it's it's even longer. So, that you
know, our advice is at least through
2028.
You should be sitting on this, you know,
bullish recommendation. And so, our
target right now is 6,300. We're trading
at 5,000. Um so, we we continue to be
very bullish.
>> All right, Natasha. This has been a very
interesting conversation. Thanks so much
for joining us.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> Mhm.